Predicted label - Real label - Are they equal?
interest_6 interest_6 True
interest_6 interest_6 True
interest_6 interest_6 True
interest_5 interest_5 True
interest_5 interest_5 True
interest_6 interest_6 True
interest_6 interest_6 True
interest_4 interest_4 True
interest_6 interest_6 True
interest_5 interest_5 True
interest_1 interest_1 True
interest_6 interest_6 True
interest_6 interest_6 True
interest_6 interest_6 True
interest_6 interest_6 True
interest_6 interest_6 True
interest_6 interest_1 False
interest_6 interest_6 True
interest_6 interest_1 False
interest_6 interest_6 True
interest_6 interest_6 True
interest_6 interest_6 True
interest_1 interest_3 False
interest_5 interest_1 False
interest_5 interest_5 True
interest_5 interest_1 False
interest_5 interest_5 True
interest_6 interest_6 True
interest_6 interest_6 True
interest_6 interest_6 True
interest_6 interest_6 True
interest_6 interest_6 True
interest_6 interest_6 True
interest_6 interest_6 True
interest_6 interest_6 True
interest_5 interest_1 False
interest_6 interest_6 True
interest_6 interest_6 True
interest_3 interest_4 False
interest_4 interest_4 True
interest_6 interest_6 True
interest_6 interest_1 False
interest_1 interest_1 True
interest_6 interest_6 True
interest_6 interest_6 True
interest_1 interest_1 True
interest_5 interest_5 True
interest_3 interest_3 True
interest_6 interest_6 True
interest_6 interest_6 True
interest_5 interest_5 True
interest_6 interest_6 True
interest_6 interest_6 True
interest_6 interest_6 True
interest_1 interest_4 False
interest_5 interest_1 False
interest_6 interest_6 True
interest_6 interest_3 False
interest_1 interest_1 True
interest_6 interest_6 True
interest_6 interest_6 True
interest_6 interest_6 True
interest_5 interest_5 True
interest_6 interest_6 True
interest_6 interest_6 True
interest_6 interest_6 True
interest_6 interest_6 True
interest_6 interest_1 False
interest_4 interest_1 False
interest_6 interest_6 True
interest_6 interest_5 False
interest_6 interest_6 True
interest_6 interest_5 False
interest_4 interest_5 False
interest_4 interest_5 False
interest_6 interest_6 True
interest_6 interest_6 True
interest_6 interest_6 True
interest_6 interest_6 True
interest_6 interest_6 True
interest_6 interest_6 True
interest_1 interest_1 True
interest_6 interest_1 False
interest_6 interest_6 True
interest_6 interest_6 True
interest_4 interest_4 True
interest_5 interest_5 True
interest_6 interest_1 False
interest_6 interest_1 False
interest_6 interest_6 True
interest_6 interest_6 True
interest_6 interest_6 True
interest_6 interest_6 True
interest_6 interest_6 True
interest_6 interest_6 True
interest_6 interest_6 True
interest_6 interest_6 True
interest_6 interest_6 True
interest_6 interest_6 True
interest_6 interest_6 True
interest_6 interest_6 True
interest_6 interest_6 True
interest_6 interest_6 True
interest_6 interest_6 True
interest_6 interest_6 True
interest_6 interest_6 True
interest_6 interest_1 False
interest_6 interest_1 False
interest_6 interest_6 True
interest_5 interest_5 True
interest_5 interest_5 True
interest_6 interest_6 True
interest_6 interest_6 True
interest_4 interest_3 False
interest_5 interest_5 True
interest_6 interest_6 True
interest_5 interest_5 True
interest_5 interest_5 True
interest_5 interest_5 True
interest_1 interest_1 True
interest_5 interest_5 True
interest_5 interest_5 True
interest_5 interest_3 False
interest_6 interest_6 True
interest_6 interest_6 True
interest_6 interest_6 True
interest_6 interest_6 True
interest_6 interest_6 True
interest_1 interest_1 True
interest_6 interest_6 True
interest_1 interest_1 True
interest_6 interest_6 True
interest_4 interest_1 False
interest_5 interest_5 True
interest_5 interest_5 True
interest_1 interest_1 True
interest_6 interest_6 True
interest_6 interest_6 True
interest_6 interest_6 True
interest_6 interest_1 False
interest_6 interest_6 True
interest_6 interest_6 True
interest_6 interest_6 True
interest_6 interest_6 True
interest_6 interest_6 True
interest_1 interest_1 True
interest_1 interest_1 True
interest_6 interest_6 True
interest_6 interest_6 True
interest_1 interest_3 False
interest_1 interest_1 True
interest_6 interest_1 False
interest_4 interest_4 True
interest_1 interest_1 True
interest_4 interest_4 True
interest_5 interest_6 False
interest_5 interest_2 False
interest_6 interest_1 False
interest_6 interest_1 False
interest_6 interest_6 True
interest_6 interest_6 True
interest_6 interest_6 True
interest_6 interest_6 True
interest_6 interest_6 True
interest_6 interest_6 True
interest_6 interest_6 True
interest_6 interest_6 True
interest_4 interest_4 True
interest_5 interest_5 True
interest_5 interest_5 True
interest_6 interest_6 True
interest_5 interest_5 True
interest_6 interest_6 True
interest_6 interest_6 True
interest_5 interest_5 True
interest_5 interest_5 True
interest_5 interest_6 False
interest_4 interest_4 True
interest_3 interest_3 True
interest_1 interest_1 True
interest_6 interest_1 False
interest_6 interest_6 True
interest_6 interest_6 True
interest_6 interest_6 True
interest_6 interest_6 True
interest_1 interest_1 True
interest_6 interest_6 True
interest_6 interest_6 True
interest_6 interest_6 True
interest_4 interest_3 False
interest_6 interest_6 True
interest_6 interest_6 True
interest_1 interest_5 False
interest_6 interest_6 True
interest_6 interest_6 True
interest_4 interest_6 False
interest_6 interest_6 True
interest_6 interest_6 True
interest_6 interest_6 True
interest_6 interest_6 True
interest_6 interest_6 True
interest_6 interest_6 True
interest_5 interest_5 True
interest_1 interest_1 True
interest_6 interest_6 True
interest_6 interest_6 True
interest_6 interest_6 True
interest_5 interest_5 True
interest_6 interest_6 True
interest_5 interest_5 True
interest_5 interest_5 True
interest_5 interest_4 False
interest_6 interest_1 False
interest_6 interest_6 True
interest_6 interest_6 True
interest_6 interest_6 True
interest_6 interest_6 True
interest_6 interest_6 True
interest_4 interest_4 True
interest_6 interest_6 True
interest_4 interest_2 False
interest_1 interest_1 True
interest_6 interest_6 True
interest_6 interest_6 True
interest_6 interest_6 True
interest_4 interest_4 True
interest_6 interest_6 True
interest_6 interest_6 True
interest_5 interest_5 True
interest_6 interest_1 False
interest_6 interest_6 True
interest_6 interest_6 True
interest_6 interest_6 True
interest_6 interest_6 True
interest_6 interest_1 False
interest_1 interest_1 True

Classifier accuracy: 0.8220338983050848